SISASG USER GUIDE
This text file explains how to navigate SISASG in detail and gives in-depth instructions with developer input about the game.

MENUS SCREEN
This is the screen that we start with. Use the mouse and the left mouse button to select either "START GAME" or "SHOP".

SHOP
You can browse and purchase spaceships in the shop. VEL and ACL represent top velocity and acceleration respectively. 
The users' total money is displayed on the top left while the cost of the spaceship is displayed on the top right.
Hover the mouse over the left/right sides of the screen and use the left mouse button or the 'A'/'D' keys to look at different spaceships.
Left click the centre of the screen to purchase a spaceship; you can only do so if you have enough money.
Once you are done, press the 'R' key to save your progress and return to the MENUS SCREEN.

START GAME
First, you are presented a screen where the player can select spaceships.
Similarly, to the SHOP, hover the mouse over the left/right sides of the screen and use the left mouse button or the 'A'/'D' keys to look at different spaceships. 
Left click the centre of the screen to select a spaceship; you can only do so if you have unlocked it.
Upon selecting a ship, you will be shown a series of planets to select from. Navigate the screen just as before with either the mouse or the 'A'/'D' keys.
Left click the centre of the screen to select a planet. This will start the GAME SCREEN.
If at any point in time where you would like to reset your choices and return to the MENUS SCREEN, press the 'R' key.

GAME SCREEN
The spaceship starts out at rest at the world origin. Use the 'W'/'S' keys to accelerate or decelerate. Use the ARROW KEYS to pitch and yaw. Use the 'Q'/'E' keys to roll. Note that turning the spaceship will result in some deceleration.
The objective is to pass through the blue hoops in the least amount of time possible. One pass of a hoop counts as one point.
You can also press the 'SPACE' key to fire a bullet from the spaceship. Bullets can destroy asteroids and every asteroid destroyed grants an additional 10 currency at the end of the game.
Once all hoops are passed or the time runs out, the game will end and start the STAT SCREEN.
You may return to the MENUS SCREEN with the 'R' key. However, doing so while the GAME SCREEN is running will not save your progress.

STAT SCREEN
The statistics of the game such as POINTS OBTAINED and TIME REMAINING will be shown on screen.
The amount of money earned by the player is calculated by multiplying the POINTS OBTAINED by the TIME REMAINING, then adding the money earned from destroying asteroids.
Once you are done, press the 'R' key to save your progress and return to the MENUS SCREEN.

SECRET CODES
CTRL + Shift - Activate Magisk Mode
The follow Keybinds requires Magisk mode to be enabled
CS = Ctrl + Shift
CS + O -> Changes Title Music. This cannot be reverted.
CS + U -> Credits Screen
Backspace -> If Credits Screen is opened, it will close it
To Exit from Magisk Mode, press CTRL + SHIFT & Backspace.

FEATURES IMPLEMENTED BY ME
Pitch/Yaw/Roll
Velocity/Acceleration
Third Person Camera
Shop & Currency
State Flow & Transfer
Lighting Effects
User Interface